Brother Xiaoyu
Why are you back? I'll come back and get a bag.
Where is it? I'll help you. It's okay. No need.
Ah!
Are you all right?
Brother Xiaoyu
I'm a little sad
What's the matter? I see you getting along with Tongtong these days.
I found that I really envy her
I envy her for having such a considerate husband as you.
I thought I could forget the past
But I found that I can't forget it at all
Don't say no
I have to say I know I'm embarrassed right now
But I can't live like this anymore
If I had confessed to you earlier
So will everything be different today?
You are not married to An Tong
I wouldn't know Gao Yu either
I am married to you
We will definitely be very happy
Brother Xiaoyu
Let's choose again, shall we?
Yueyue